---
layout: post
title:  "15 Albums"
date:   2009-03-24 14:29:00
---
Think of 15 albums that had such a profound effect on you. They changed your life or the way you looked at it. They sucked you in and took you over for days, weeks, months, years. These are the albums that you can use to identify time, places, people, emotions. These are the albums that no matter what they were thought of musically shaped your world.

**Dave Matthews Band - Crash**

This album always reminds me of middle school and camping at Croton. Me and Paula used to listen to this a lot with Brandon! haha.

**Third Eye Blind - Blue**

This album brings back a lot of memories from HS. I listened to this all of the time when it came out. I was really into this kind of music for a while

**Refused - The Shape of Punk to Come**

This album changed everything about what kind of music I listened to. Whenever I think of becoming a musical elitist in college, this is the album that first comes to mind.

**Murder City Devils - In Name and Blood**

This album reminds me of the summer before my senior year at Olivet. I worked a construction job and listened to this album and a few others all day every day for the entire summer.

**Decemberists - Picaresque**

One of my absolute favorite bands. This is the first album I listened to of them. I listened to it ALL of the time a few years ago.

**Radiohead - OK Computer**

Easily one of my favorite albums of all time. I used to listen to this non stop. One of those albums I can listen to anytime.

**Tool - Aenema**

I was really into this album in HS. Tool rocks harder than pretty much anyone.

**Rapture - Out of the Races and Onto the Tracks**

This album is so cool. Only 4 songs, but some of the coolest music i've ever heard

**Our Lady Peace - Happiness is not a fish that you can catch**

Another album that reminds me of HS.

**At the Drive-In - Relationship of Command**

Another album from college that changed the kind of music I listen to. This album totally rocks

**International Noise Conspiracy - Survival Sickness**

Another college album that made me a music elitist. Some really great songs on here. Capitalism stole my virginity!!

**Arcade Fire - Neon Bible**

I can listen to this album anytime. Never gets old.

**Sleeping At Last - Capture**

I used to listen to this album every day for months my freshman year of college. Love these guys!

**Cursive - Domestica**

Another college elitist album. really interesting music

**Smashing Pumpkins - Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness**

Reminds me of 8th grade. My bff Jenelle got me into this band when she let me borrow all of her tapes and they have been one of my faves ever since.
